Implement zoneinfo support and make pytz optional (#940)
python-babel/babel: docs/installation.rst

============

Babel is distributed as a standard Python package fully set up with all

> the dependencies it needs.  It optionally depends on the `pytz`_ library
> for timezone handling on Python versions where `zoneinfo`_ is not available.
> To install it you can use ``pip``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the dependencies it needs.  On Python versions where the standard library`zoneinfo`_ 
module is not available, `pytz`_  needs to be installed for timezone support.
If `pytz`_  is installed, it is preferred over the standard library `zoneinfo`_  module
where possible.
```
